welcome to another setting of forts of
dead rising ya know it's been well who
knows how long but for finally bringing
you here and it's the end of the
paradise plaza chapter this last one is
in jill sandwich shop and you may be
thinking oh hey i just have to block
that one spot you know at the big front
door i should be able to use the stools
and cash registers no bad people don't
be retarded like that as you can see you
do have to block this spot zombies are
retarded and they will come in the
biggest play first but you also should
block off over here because if they get
up here which they will and they break
through this window which they will they
will come in and kill you kill you also
I haven't been on so long that I
actually forget this but I'm pretty sure
they can get through any of these
windows too so I suggest blocking them
off that's not what I wanted to venture
do but you get the basic idea okay yeah
that's what i want to mention
like and you may think oh sweet i can
break one of these windows and just jump
in and out no see that's what they'll do
that's what they'll do and then you have
to do that to him apparently I haven't
fortified this fun yeah
just I don't pick this up here for by
the glass guy he will break the glass
and try and kill me I'm scared for my
life
one more school should be it for that
window
now just this window
and one thing short
like Nick really really stubby in the
mouth and surprise I don't like he into
confidence
all right that's what they can do
separated in these continents I had a
good choice
ah
just going to pick this out and we can
go find more surprise
knock you over advance now I know
they're going to be doing
tries to pull a barricade
no the thing
anyways alright first off let's fix this
that I know the game
yeah that's all you didn't build a fort
really i'll give an instructional video
of that later
as maniac all right the second thing
you'll want to do is barricade another
spot to make it easier for
as they will still try and come in now
you're not going to want this to court
is going over this cameron county so
what you want to do is put a wrench down
there and then do a fall or something
fuck it down go back over guys I'll meet
or do they be coming in here
tiny
hi with my get something like a bench
all right shopping cart
same bench bring it back finish up your
inner core's make sure they can't get in
towards you and you want to come back
here kill this zombie dragon
it's just kids to work
hey no hitting the director or actors
Wow about we did
hmm
all right now it's good as soon as I put
it down all right yeah the layer is
perfect the inner layer might as well be
perfect of his label it perfect because
oh yeah there we go now it's perfect all
right there you have it the jill
sandwich shop for supposedly for the
easiest not really though now i have to
do is play my guitar oh wait no there's
no that just me oh yeah gimme pair my
room I'm really think of you just can't
see it well that's